A. For part a I first open the .sh360rc file and pull the first line that is stored as the prompt to the user. The file is then closed before moving onto the main program.

B. This section makes up the bulk of the program. The user input is first split up around the spaces into an array. The first value of the array is then tested to check for either of the prompts for parts C and D. If no prompt found the input is then sent to the execute funtion. In the function the first value of the input array is then compared searched for in each line of the .sh360rc file to find the path to the command. The array value is then switched for the command path value and executed from a child process. Once completed the loop begins again.

C. If "OR" is found to be the first value of the input, the write_to_file function gets executed. The first step of the function is to find the locations of the "->" arrow in the input. The function then finds the path to the command similar to the execute function. The write function then creates a new array that contains the command path and the arguments up to the arrow. The function then opens the specified file if it already exists, or creates a new one with the specified name. When the input command is executed, the file specified will contain only the output of the command. Any data previously in the file is overwritten.

D. If the "PP" command is enetered, the program finds the number of "->" arrows in the input line with their locations. If one arrow is found the program uses the join_2 function, but if two arrows are found, then the program uses the join_3 function. Both functions operate the same way, except join_3 uses two pipes, while the join_2 uses just one. Both functions also operate similar to the write_to_file function in that they both create new child processes to execute the commands that are fed into new arrays seperated by the arrows. Sources used for inspiration for the join functions are cited in their respective comments.